okay punishment as a one-time exactly
2211 now so give vain o mean these hexes
go into the - beta Stonewall yeah
let's putting them play G for I was
doing ignore it except the gambit seen
this white plays G file Rogers play 94
okay so actually won't play 94 here and
that's quite interesting just because
White's gonna play Bishop g5 so it's not
the play F free those Queen h4 so it
blocks basically that Bishop who's not
gonna play F free until you invite 96
maybe and um maybe Bishop b4 of Bishop
f4 so by the way in many ways I do have
a preference for fun blitz chess
five-minute five-minute games rather
than long games sometimes it can be you
know arduous especially if you play for
a club being only away matches it can be
you know a lot of effort for something
and you know some leagues they still
have adjudication and the Germans and I
don't know okay here can I just play
Bishop d6 or Knight G free and this
seems a bit silly he's allowing Knight G
free because then you know you can't
castle that easily if I've got Bishop d6
potato Knight depends upon it-it's gonna
be munched or not if I don't play f4
next though that will also blocking this
Bishop on g2 and they'll be like
positional murder because
ah okay interesting Queen a 5k crazy
free you know Drive night back
immediately has the advantage of doing
that so then I can maybe just castle or
even just I don't know f4 f4 here gives
gives f5 for the night
so if III I can castle EF Knight f5
attacking d4 I mean this could be a nice
positional crush I can because I'm also
attacking this rook or Knight each race
I've gained another tempo that's bonus
so when you just castle this bishops
also a bit bad can I do better maybe
Bishop f5 and night before would be an
aggressive try maybe castling queenside
to put pressure on d4 that looks
actually quite tasty
so be sure f5 cost was Queen at night
before see what white some doing there
on the other hand another afrezza it's
not as bad as before now because it's
nice I'm not even being attacked at the
moment so um okay so I just want to
Castle queenside maybe and let him take
on f5 I think so because if the light
comes back to a5 you know it wants to go
there anyway so what do I need to be
concerned about here okay here I think
might be four looks pretty pretty nice
can't see anything stronger at the
moment well that I don't know actually
95 it's more central because like before
it could be chased later
no not if I blocks the porn so night
before it is okay he's going to take
that some bishop I said I might play
King b8 if I can get the other rook to
e8 then the position why it should look
quite aesthetic the other mo he's not
pressing any beak to the rook actually
even if he had Bishop f4 there's Queen a
192 so I think I'll just play play
they're threatening they'll night D free
check no it's not actually Queen D for
the suspicious pinned okay ah give me
the rook on anyone
that's an interesting move I didn't
expect that
why is he giving me the rook on anyone
oh it's light but um yeah I don't think
White has the ideal position here is not
able to Castle kingside or Queen side
threatens with all right so the Queen I
can't take the Queen's that bitch what
on h4h I take the bishop on H free and
then play Bishop takes b4 maybe this is
anything stronger I'm not sure there is
so problem is Bishop h3 night 83 and it
seems as I'm I'm letting him off the
hook a bit always also got this
discovered check idea so um that doesn't
do anything at the moment so I'll take
this in then King b8 I think
as good as bishop spenders well actually
all right it's a king here now I guess
like these six might be no idea but at
the end of this I've got rook c8 so
Brooke Brooke these six I'm not for
anything rook c8 skewing his Queen and
Bishop rather embarrassingly this is
pretty tasty so yeah I think it was just
an opening disaster for white so I can't
see ah give me that Miss Queen for
Bishop takes f4 but then Queen f1 mate
doesn't seem that oh she's not not quite
make because can taste G free really by
taking the Queen's Queen so I'll take it
Queen
I've got Queen upon King g4 I've got
rook g6 anyway and if Bishop g5 we've
got 86 so this is pretty dangerous
anyway Queen f1 isn't that actually no
King Queen takes G 1 is to be more
precise because this rook is pin so I
haven't got releases by Queen g1 that's
mate anyway yeah good game let's have a
look so over the in summary so I'm
trying to be aggressive but one way is
just to ignore that and just play Knight
e4 cuz cuz white weakening g3 doesn't
want to play f3 as well so you get some
I got massive position here I mean this
is unbelievable you know he's can't
Castle kingside his bishops blocked in
I've got moves like Bishop f5 and
castles Queen side to put pressure on d4
it's a dream sort of gambit really
he wasn't even pressing a B but he
decided to do it anyway so just losing
the exchange just probably chat was
harmless it actually puts the Queen on a
skewering line with bishop so i think
this is an unmitigated tactical disaster
losing the Queen and then just making
too
hope you enjoyed that please leave any
coins all questions on YouTube thanks
right